new year bright holiday
decided to mark as they say conscientiously
pin wild invited he is a good guy
always laughs twice the first time in
company a second time when before him
comes to
director git ki came with his
actor points to Catherine Sinyukhinu called from
his wife
Ninke Luna is such a funny hairstyle and more
girlfriend wife glitches on fashionista with
magic spells of the eighth size
sponges 5 atmospheres behind looks up
Spend New Year celebrations began well
times the branches began to immediately make fun of
your artist glasses about katherine your name
named the most powerful hurricane you know
why hurricanes
called female names because they
take home and cars
Beltyukov offered
for starters bloody mary is alcohol with
immediately drink some tomato juice and sky here
to polish with cognac right there
have a snack or a gerc narzan you
Che will ruff
in the midst of the fun the bruises began
philosophize the best
not to get drunk than feather bed before
but the salad you housewives a good face is not
mess up ediku
started pestering glitches but glitches on you
just a sex bomb how rin po compare to
you soup set
where am I like the eighth daughter of matryoshka
glitches on look at my love eyes
what do you see in them there are me something
like forests date's eyes see it in
nostrils
there
tightened the New Year's songs
gray under the tree rode while
brute drunk cowards are not lost
wonderful holiday January 1st the shortest
day of the year only January 1 people are afraid
one
look in the mirror from there on you
looks unfamiliar to everyone
Sinyutin saw himself in the mirror shouted
who passed
stronger movie saw herself in the mirror
looked at us already and said so to you and
it is necessary but the turkeys were cheerful because
nothing so invigorates in the morning
like unnoticed door jamb he and
walked along the line
spoke like a robot
stumbled upon someone you said hello signo
gel
your aminka got a fool back
no katia
Soviet world tried to get up but
I could not get up because my fly
was fastened to the collar
angeli squeezed out like at Gogol
lift me forever
many tried to lift him a century
helped dress up and refuel sheepskin
a coward
they told everyone in confidence that
blueness at night fumbled at her hands
sentencing where the key is at 17 and as soon as
I did not persuade the guests to stay they all
still not gone
but there were still many days ahead
New Year's holiday January 2, drank 3 drank
4 drank 5 half a day slept but dreamed that
drank
then went to the clinic donated blood to
analysis 6 got the answer in your return and
blood not detected January 8th wife from
nothing to do went to the exhibition of snakes
returned with a medal
and also framed the key and into the mine
lift knife then will you do i took this
brought the bait means tried to hook
hook these keys at this time in the doorway
intelligent eyes came in
half a liter good mood
I 'm sitting here with a fishing rod
he is half an hour without blinking
looked at me
then asked maple
January 9 visited neighbor Vasilyeva he
the bed
but like last year's fresh head like
passed new year no remember
shame on me starting early
before the new year but not only scratching
it is better
Sasha was a cuff drunk unbearable
by work